Is this the best way to get the return of the function as boolean?
        const handleClick = () => {
        return Boolean(setIsPlayer1(!isPlayer1));
    }

Will react handle all the state updates for the tiles accurately?
Can react component handle recognizing that the player clicked this specific tile?

Take a snap shot of the board after every turn switch.
emit the updated board to the server
when the server receives the new board broadcast to the room
have tiles or board listen for broadcast from the server and update the board/tiles

How to get specific tile to update from one client to other?
Use html ID?
use parameter id or components passed to each tile?
create an array that listens for tile updates and updates corresponding tile on array
use the same array to check for win/loss/draw conditions

How do I set up something to emit a tile being clicked. 
Listen for the tile click and then change the state of 
the game from the server and emit it to both players or just the other player?

Once the game state is set how do I see if it is player1 or player2 that is trying to make a move?
How do I prevent the player from making any moves and make the turn indicator specific to that player?

Can I use prependAny to shorten the event listeners for isXTurn?


How do I link the TicTacToe.jsx to JoinRoom.jsx?

Can I import socket.io in the context?

How to get strict mode to stop connecting twice while keeping the functionality

Why does the tile show an X when its O's turn for a split second before change?

set up lobby
link lobby to server room
have create room link generate a new room that will be destroyed after a certain amount of time
input form take room link and connect to room
1st player that connects is player one 2nd player 2
isXTurn true player1 turn vice versa
if XTurn true only player1 can click and make changes
create array that checks for game winning matches either by hard coding x and o's or matching array values

console.log the map in board component to see how the array is structured for the game winning conditions